feat(ExportModal): added as WC Pattern (#7578)
carbon-design-system/ibm-products: packages/ibm-products-web-components/src/patterns/export-modal/export-modal.mdx

      ></cds-text-input>
    </div>
    ` : null}
    <div aria-live="polite">
      ${this.loading ? html`<cds-loading
        aria-live="off"
        description=""
        small
        .withOverlay="${false}"
      ></cds-loading>
      <p>Exporting File...</p>
      `: null} ${this.successful ? html` ${CheckmarkFilled16({slot: 'icon',})}
      <p>The file has been exported.</p>
      `: null} ${this.error ? html` ${ErrorFilled16({slot: 'icon',})}
      <p>Server error 500</p>
      `: null}
    </div>
  </cds-modal-body>
  ${!submitted ? html`
  <cds-modal-footer>
    <cds-modal-footer-button
      kind="secondary"
      data-modal-close
      @click="${onCloseHandler();}"
      >Cancel</cds-modal-footer-button
    >
    <cds-modal-footer-button
      ?disabled="${checkDisabled()}"
      @click="${submitHandler();}"
      >Export</cds-modal-footer-button
    > </cds-modal-footer
  >`:null}
</cds-modal>
```
## With Extension

Similar as standard Export Modal with valid Extension property.

## With Preformatted Extension

When a file can be exported in 2-5 different formats, these can be presented in

> a radio-button selection. Where possible, provide guidance about which format a
> user might want to choose, and pre-select a sensible default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a radio button selection. Where possible, provide guidance about which format a
user might want to choose, and set a sensible default.
```

### HTML

```html
<cds-modal>
  <cds-modal-close-button @click="${onCloseHandler()}"></cds-modal-close-button>
  <cds-modal-header>
    <cds-modal-heading>Export</cds-modal-heading>
  </cds-modal-header>
  <cds-modal-body>
    ${!submitted ? html` ${this.validExtensions.length > 0 ? html `
    <p>File must be exported in a PDF format</p>
    `: null}
    <div>
      <cds-form-group legend-text="Choose an export format">
        ${this.preformattedExtension.length ? html `<cds-radio-button-group
          name="extensions"
          @input="${extensionChangeHandler}"
          value="${this.extension}"
          orientation="vertical"
        >
          ${this.preformattedExtension.map(o) => html`
          <cds-radio-button
            label-text="${`${o.extension} (${o.description})`}"
            value="${o.extension}"
            id="${o.extension}"
          ></cds-radio-button
          >`} </cds-radio-button-group
        >` : null}
      </cds-form-group>
    </div>
    ` : null}
    <div aria-live="polite">
      ${this.loading ? html`<cds-loading
        aria-live="off"
        description=""
        small
        .withOverlay="${false}"
      ></cds-loading>

>       <p>Exporting File...</p>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
      <p>Exporting file...</p>
```
